Oh, hi!
Today is all about families--
mommies, daddies,
brothers, sisters,
stepdaddies, stepmothers--
heh, stepbrothers,
and stepsisters.
You know what
a stepsister is?
Well,
you're looking at one.
Ha ha!
Oh! What was that?
Hey. Keep it down,
will you?
Ha ha!
It's just Oscar!
Well, stick around
for more about families
on "Sesame Street."
- Uh, yeah.
Well, you know
what I mean.
- Ehh.
- Ha!
Kids:
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Sunny day,
sweeping the clouds away ♪
♪ On my way to where
the air is sweet ♪
♪ Where the air
is sweet ♪
♪ Can you tell me
how to get ♪
♪ How to get
to Sesame Street? ♪
Sesame Street!
Okay, let's see.
Some green for the grass.
Where did Elmo put
the yellow?
Oh, ha ha! Hi there!
Welcome to Sesame Street.
Oh, Elmo's so excited.
Abby's family is having dinner
at Elmo's house tonight.
Oh, they should be here
any minute. Oh, here they are.
- Come on.
- Hi, guys.
Hi, Elmo!
Oh, Daddy,
Abby's family's here. Ha ha!
Come on in.
Welcome.
Hey, Louie!
How are you?
Good to see you.
Oh, oh!
Elmo drew a picture
of all of our families.
Look at that! There's me
and daddy Freddy and Rudy,
and, oh, there's my mommy.
Yeah. Oh, and here's
Elmo's daddy and Elmo
and Elmo's mommy.
Aw!
Um, is Elmo's mommy home?
Oh, she's at her
book club with Abby's mommy.
Uh-huh.
So guess what.
It's "daddy and kids' night."
- Yup, yup.
- Yay!
Hey, does "daddy and kids'
night" mean the same thing
in your family
as it does in ours?
- Yeah!
- Playtime!
Oh, oh!
Elmo wants to play bingo.
- Yeah, "Corgi Dash"!
Hide-and-seek.
Elmo and Abby:
Oh, that's a good one.
- Or hide-and-seek.
Wait! I got it.
Freeze tag.
- Who-oa!
- Oh, but then
we'll need coats,
because when Abby plays
freeze tag,
- things really freeze.
We can play anything
you want,
but first,
we eat dinner.
- Mm-hmm.
- Oh, uh, Daddy...
Can't we play first,
like our family does it?
Well, you see, Rudy,
every family does things
differently.
Yeah, but maybe
their family would like
how our family
does things better
if they tried it
just once.
And maybe we'll like it
if we try it
their way just once.
Oh, maybe.
Let's try it and see.
All right!
That's my little monster.
Yes! Let's go.
There you go.
Okay, everybody,
time to start dinner
like we always do
when Daddy cooks,
with a vote on
what to eat.
But we never get
to vote on dinner.
Well, I know what I want.
I vote for...
- Oh. Grilled cheese.
- Pumpkin ravioli.
- Okay, uh, grilled cheese.
- Or maybe a pizza.
The way we vote is
I give you two choices.
- Two choices.
Oh.
Choice number one--
fish sticks and mashed potatoes.
- Smushed potatoes.
Abby and Rudy:
Ooh!
- Choice number two...
- Oh, get ready for this.
Pizza and salad.
- Ah!
- Yeah!
Those are tough choices.
What are you gonna vote for?
I don't know.
Um, I don't know. I...
Oh, I know!
I vote for pizza and salad.
Oh! Elmo votes
for pizza and salad.
- All right.
- Yeah, me, too.
Mm-hmm. The winner is
pizza and salad.
- Yes! Yes! Yes!
- Yeah!
Ha ha!
Tell you what,
who wants to play
a pizza topping game?
Oh, oh! Elmo does.
Elmo does.
All right.
Well, here we go.
Louie:
♪ Oh, one of these things is
not like the others ♪
♪ One of these things
just doesn't belong ♪
♪ Can you tell which thing
is not like the others ♪
♪ By the time
I finish my song? ♪
Ha ha!
Oh, I know. I know.
Uh, wait. No, I don't.
Let's think.
One of these toppings
is not like the others.
Oh, let's look closely.
Elmo:
Okay, um...
Abby:
Hey, is it that
all of them are round,
except for the mushroom?
Abby is right.
Oh, I was this close
to saying that.
Oh, ho ho.
Good thinking, Abby.
Well, let's play again.
Now find a different way
that one of these toppings
is not like the others.
Oh, I know! I know.
Um, the mushroom.
It's not round.
Well, Rudy, he said
it wasn't by shape.
Shape is how we played
the first time.
Elmo:
All different colors,
so it's not color.
Boy, this is hard.
Yeah.
Oh, wait.
I know! I know.
Oh, Rudy's not gonna say
"mushroom" again, is he? Ha ha!
Uh, maybe.
I mean,
if it's not mushroom,
then the only
other difference
is that the pepperoni
is meat.
Ha ha!
Rudy is right!
Onion, jalapeño pepper,
and mushroom are veggies.
Pepperoni is meat,
so pepperoni
is not like the others.
- I won! I won!
- Ha ha!
All right,
time to make a pizza
with all these
great toppings.
Well, well,
hold on, Daddy.
Hold the phone.
Oh, we didn't vote
for toppings.
Oh, Elmo votes
for no jalapeño peppers.
Ah!
Oh, really? Well, you know,
everyone in my family
loves peppers,
right, kids?
- Eh...
- Well, uh, I don't.
The peppers make
my tum go all "agh"!
Yeah, I'm with Abby.
They make
my whole face go "yaah"!
We'll make one daddy pizza
with peppers
and one kid pizza
with no peppers.
No peppers! Yay!
Louie:
Let's get to pizza-making.
So this is pizza dough.
Whoa. That's really
how you start making a pizza?
Sure. Oh, first Elmo's daddy
puts on the sauce.
Elmo:
Hee hee!
Uh-huh,
and then the other one.
- Wow!
- And then
Daddy adds
the cheese.
- Ooh! Cheese.
- Ooh!
Looking good.
Now some pepperonis.
Elmo:
Ha ha!
Cool.
- And some mushrooms.
- Ha ha!
Very nice.
- Some onions.
- Oh, ho ho!
Abby:
Whew. Don't cry.
And now this one
gets peppers for daddies.
- None for us, please.
How do you know
what to do?
Oh, it's an old
family recipe
handed from grandmothers
to uncles, cousins, nieces,
nephews,
and from my mom to me.
Wow! You sure got a lot
of family.
Yeah, well, families come
in lots of shapes and sizes.
Oh, Elmo's family
is mostly red and furry.
Thanks for helping.
I'd say our families work
pretty well together.
So now what happens?
Oh! Can we play?
Can we play?
Watch this!
♪ Some families
play before they eat ♪
♪ Other folks play after ♪
♪ It doesn't really matter ♪
♪ If they're filled
with love and laughter ♪
♪ We're a family ♪
♪ We might not look
the same ♪
♪ But we're a family ♪
♪ Elmo is an only child ♪
♪ Our family is a blend ♪
♪ I'm Abby's stepdaddy ♪
♪ And I'm a-- ♪
Ha ha! Okay,
here's what happened.
Okay, Rudy's daddy,
Freddy, married my mommy,
so that makes daddy Freddy
my stepdaddy,
and that makes Rudy
my little stepbrother, and...
♪ He also is my friend ♪
♪ Her brother
is her friend ♪
♪ We're a family ♪
♪ No matter
how we're related ♪
♪ We're still a family ♪
♪ Some families play
lots of sports ♪
♪ They like to run
and throw ♪
- ♪ Some families play music ♪
- ♪ Like ours ♪
♪ Now, go, dads, go ♪
♪ We're a family ♪
♪ No matter
how we play ♪
♪ No matter how we look ♪
♪ No matter if our family's
big or small ♪
♪ No matter
if we're blended ♪
♪ Or come from
different backgrounds ♪
We're a family!
♪ We're a family ♪
♪ We're a family. ♪
Well, dinner is ready.
Oh, can we play again
after we eat?
Yeah, daddy Freddy was
in an awesome groove.
Yeah!
We can play
whatever you want to
after we all
have dinner together.
Yup, that's how
Elmo's family does it.
Hee hee!
- Whoo. It sure smells good.
- Yes, it does. Yes, it does.
Hey, Daddy, can we eat here
every night?
Ha ha. Well,
I don't know about that, Rudy.
Oh, Elmo wants to see how
Rudy and Abby's family
make dinner.
Yeah, Daddy, can Elmo's family
eat at our house tomorrow
and see how great
we do stuff?
Well, let's talk about
that while we eat, huh?
Okay, who wants peppers?
Peppers? Oh, Rudy's daddy
likes peppers, too?
That's the same
for both families.
- Ah, yeah. Yes!
- Ha ha!
Yeah. I love them.
Let's see.
- Oh, boy. Elmo's hungry.
- Ooh, this looks yummy.
♪ Jump up, get down ♪
♪ Come dance with Elmo ♪
♪ We're moving our body
to the ABCs ♪
♪ Dance nearby ♪
♪ Whoa, oh, oh,
oh, oh, oh-oh ♪
♪ Dance far away,
now clap your hands ♪
♪ To the letter of the day,
clap, clap ♪
♪ What's the letter?
Clap, clap ♪
Clap, clap, clap, clap... ♪
All:
What's the letter?
What's the letter,
what's the letter,
what's the letter?
♪ The letter
of the day is... ♪
- ♪ "F"! ♪
- ♪ Clap, clap ♪
♪ It's the letter
of the day ♪
♪ Clap, clap,
it's the letter of the day ♪
- ♪ Ooh... ♪
- ♪ Clap, clap ♪
♪ It's the letter,
it's the letter ♪
- ♪ It's the letter
of the day... ♪
- ♪ Ooh... ♪
♪ It's the letter
of the day ♪
♪ Clap, clap,
it's the letter of the day ♪
- ♪ Clap, clap ♪
- ♪ Ay, ay ♪
♪ Ay, ay, ay, ay,
ay-ay, ay... ♪
Elmo:
"F"!
Hee hee!
"F."
"F" is for families.
Son, you have
to look here.
There's three in my family!
I got five people
in my family.
We have a new sister.
- Cousin!
I have one sister
and two brothers!
My family is Mom and me.
"F" is for family.
I love my moms.
These are
my cousins. Ohh!
I love my dad!
Love makes a family.
Kids:
We love our granny!
Aah!
I love my brother
and sister.
"F" is for family.
We love our granddad!
"F"! "F" is for family!
Mwah!
Hmm?
Girl:
♪ A family, a family ♪
♪ What, what, what
is a family? ♪
♪ A family, a family ♪
♪ What is a family? ♪
♪ Brothers, sisters,
a mom, or a dad ♪
♪ Hanging out,
spending time ♪
♪ Much fun to be had ♪
♪ Soccer with your uncle ♪
♪ Fishing with your aunt ♪
♪ Grandpa sure does ♪
♪ Love to do a dance ♪
♪ There's a family of fish ♪
♪ Living in the sea ♪
♪ A family of monkeys
up in a tree ♪
♪ There's a family of ducks ♪
♪ Playing in the mud ♪
♪ And a family of bugs ♪
- ♪ On a flower bud ♪
- Yeah!
Girl:
♪ Sometimes they're near,
sometimes they're far ♪
♪ They're still your family
wherever they are ♪
♪ Families are sweet,
families are fun ♪
♪ All around the world,
we're a family of one ♪
♪ We are, we are ♪
♪ We are all a family ♪
♪ We are all a family. ♪
Narrator:
"Smart Cookies,"
starring Figby,
Miss Fortune,
Chipowski,
and Cookie Monster.
Will the Smart Cookies
catch the Crumb?
Find out on
"Smart Cookies."
Group:
Smart Cookies!
Reporting for
baby-sitting duty, ma'am.
Oh, thank goodness
you're here.
Don't let the Crumb take
my baby's teething biscuit.
We are on the case.
Okay. Thank you.
Yeah, you got it.
Oh, what
a teething biscuit?
Oh, it's a cookie
that helps babies
feel better
when they're getting
new teeth.
Ahh, nom nom!
Cookie!
Oh, boy, oh, boy!
But, ah, Cookie!
Pull yourself together, do your
job.
Watch out
for the Crumb.
Yes, sir,
yes, sir.
Uh, what the Crumb
look like again?
Accessing images now.
The Crumb looks like this.
Ohh. Boy,
delicious cookie tablet.
Hey.
Don't eat my tablet!
Ahh!
Aah!
Don't eat me either!
Cookie Monster!
Focus, all right?
Yeah. Me got it.
Me going to focus.
Me going
to stop the Crumb.
- No you worry.
Ah. Heh heh heh.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Hold it right there.
Me need to check
and see if you the guy
named the Crumb.
Uh, same eyes.
Same nose.
Same hair.
You must be the Crumb.
Uh, but I'm wearing
a baby bonnet and a diaper,
and baby and I have
a playdate.
Oh, okay. Have fun,
cute, oversized baby.
- Mm-hmm.
- ♪ Dum dee dum dum dum ♪
Ha ha ha!
Fooled him with
the "Big Baby" trick.
Now to create havoc
for those Smart Cookies.
Nyah!
Ha ha ha!
That crying
will drive them crazy.
The Crumb strikes again!
Cookie, you let
the Crumb in again?
Sorry, but he wearing
bonnet and diaper.
We need to find
that teething biscuit.
Oh, me got it.
Whoa! Oh, oh! Hey!
I'm a highly trained cookie,
not a baby biscuit!
Ugh!
Oh. I'm getting a clue.
Apparently the teething
biscuit is hidden
underneath something.
Underneath something.
Me know!
Maybe it under rock.
Watch out for the-- oh!
Nope. Not under here.
Oh, wait.
I'm getting another clue.
Hunh!
Ohh! It's hidden
beneath something fuzzy?
A tiger fuzzy.
Maybe biscuit underneath.
- Ohh, ohh, ohh!
- Good kitty. Heh heh.
Nice kitty.
Uh, nope.
Nothing under there.
Fetch!
Bye-bye.
Me not know if me ever
gonna figure out
where biscuit is hidden.
Rookie, you got to stop
and think it through.
The Crumb hid
the biscuit inside this room.
We got to use the clues
to look for it here.
Right, right.
Yeah, but me need peace
and quiet to think.
Okay, okay.
- Ohh!
- Ugh.
I'm getting another clue.
Err!
Aw. It's underneath
something fuzzy that you
snuggle with at bedtime.
Uh, okay. It, uh, under
something fuzzy
that you snuggle at bedtime.
Oh, boy. Me--
me got it!
Teddy bear!
Oh, boy,
oh, boy, oh, boy!
Ohh!
- Me found it!
- Oh, thank goodness!
Oh! Great work,
Smart Cookies.
You protected
my baby's biscuit.
You win this time,
Smart Cookies,
but I'll be back.
Ha ha-- ow!
Get him! Aah!
Aah!
♪ It's time to get up ♪
♪ And stomp your feet ♪
♪ To this great foot-stomping
Transylvanian beat ♪
- ♪ Start nice and slow ♪
- ♪ One, two ♪
- ♪ Then speed up more ♪
- ♪ One, two, three, four ♪
♪ Then stomp away ♪
♪ 'Cause we're about
to find out ♪
♪ The number of the day ♪
♪ So what's the number?
Stomp, stomp ♪
♪ What's the number?
♪ What is the number? ♪
- ♪ The number of the day... ♪
- ♪ Uh-huh ♪
♪ Showing now on screen,
the number of the day is... ♪
♪ 19! ♪
♪ So that's the number,
stomp, stomp ♪
♪ Yes, that's the number,
♪ That's the number,
stomp ♪
♪ The number
of the day ♪
♪ That's the number,
stomp, stomp ♪
♪ That's the number
of the day... ♪
19!
Now let's stomp
19 times!
♪ 1, 2, 3 ♪
♪ 4, 5, 6 ♪
♪ 7, 8, 9 ♪
♪ 10, 11, 12 ♪
♪ 13, 14, 15 ♪
♪ 16, 17, 18 ♪
♪ 19! ♪
Let's count the people
in my family.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5,
6, 7, 8, 9, 10,
11, 12, 13,
14, 15, 16,
17, 18, 19!
19!
19 people in my family.
Adios.
♪ La-la, la-la,
la-la, la-la ♪
♪ La, la, la, la,
la, la, la, la ♪
♪ Elmo's full of wonder,
wonder what we will discover ♪
♪ In Elmo's
wonderful world. ♪
Ha ha ha! Hi!
Welcome to "Elmo's World"!
Oh, guess what Elmo is
wondering about today.
Wait for it.
Wai-ai-ait for it!
Oh, ho ho ho!
Siblings!
You know,
brothers and sisters.
- Oh. Hi, brother.
- Hello.
- Hi, sister.
- Hi!
Oh, ho ho ho!
Hi, baby.
Ha ha! Hee hee!
Boy, Elmo wants to find out
more about siblings.
Hey. Let's ask
Elmo's friend, Smartie.
Let's call her together.
Elmo and kids:
♪ Oh, Smartie ♪
( chime plays
"Elmo's Song" )
Elmo,
I am so excited today
because today is
all about siblings!
That's perfect,
Smartie, because Elmo
wants to learn
more about them.
Well, what do we do
to learn something new?
All:
We look it up!
Smartie:
Let's see what we can learn
about siblings.
A sibling is another word
for a brother or a sister.
Families can have
two siblings or three
or even more.
Some siblings may be
younger than you,
some siblings may be
older than you,
and some siblings might
even be the same age
if they're twins.
Siblings may look
like each other,
or they might not.
There are half-siblings,
stepsiblings.
Not everybody has
a sibling,
but if you do have
that means you're
a sibling, too.
Wow!
There are sure are
lots of different kinds
of siblings.
Yeah. I love
my older brother, Flip.
- Yeah.
- We phones have
a strong connection.
Get it?
A phone connection?
- Yeah-eah-eah!
- Ha ha ha!
- See you later, Elmo!
Oh, thank you, Smartie.
Boy, some families
are small, like Elmo's,
and other families
are big with lots
of siblings.
Hey. That gives
Elmo an idea!
Oh, ho.
Let's play a game together.
Yeah-eah-eah.
Come on, come on!
Ha ha ha!
Elmo wonders which
of these people could
be siblings.
Could these two
be siblings?
Kids:
Yes!
Girl:
They're a brother
and a sister.
Elmo:
That's right.
Now how about these two,
a boy and a lamp?
Kids:
No!
Girl:
Lamps aren't people.
Elmo:
Right!
A lamp can't be
a brother or a sister,
so a lamp
isn't a sibling.
How about all these
boys and girls?
Could this many
people be siblings?
Kids:
Yes!
Girl:
They're all brothers
and sisters.
Elmo:
They're all siblings,
even the baby!
Hi, baby!
Oh, ho ho ho!
Is Elmo seeing double?
These two
look exactly alike.
Girl:
That's because
they're identical twins.
Elmo:
Oh, yeah.
Some twins do look alike,
so are they siblings?
Kids:
Yes! Twins are siblings!
Elmo:
Yay! Good job, everybody.
Wow! There's so many different
kinds of siblings,
and that makes
Elmo wonder even more.
What do people do
with their siblings?
Hey. Let's ask
Mr. Noodle, okay?
♪ Hey, Mr. Noodle ♪
Oh, ho ho ho!
It's Mr. Noodle's
pet poodle, Schmoodle.
Elmo and kids:
Hi, Schmoodle.
Oh, Schmoodle,
what do you do
with your siblings?
Elmo:
Oh, look! It's Schmoodle
Noodle's sister, Floodle,
and their brother Frank.
Kids:
Schmoodle, Floodle,
and Frank!
Elmo:
What do you all do
with your sibling?
Kid:
They're running around!
I think they're
playing chase.
Elmo:
Siblings play together.
Looks like fun.
Kid:
Now they're eating.
Elmo:
And they're sharing, too.
Siblings share
with each other.
Kids:
Aw, they're tired.
Elmo:
And the best part of all--
siblings care for each other.
Kids:
Sweet dreams, doggies.
Ha ha! Hee hee!
Boy, learning new things
makes Elmo so happy,
it makes him
want to dance!
Come on!
♪ Happy, happy,
dance, dance ♪
♪ When we learn
something new ♪
♪ We do the happy
dance, dance ♪
Let's see
your happy dance!
Yeah! Cool!
See you next time!
Keep learning!
Elmo loves you!
♪ Happy, happy,
dance, dance ♪
♪ When we learn
something new ♪
♪ We do the happy
dance, dance. ♪
Yay-ay-ay!
Ha ha ha!
That was fun!
Well, thanks
for making dinner.
It was a great family
get-together.
- Bye.
- Bye-bye.
- Let's go.
- Be safe.
- Thanks for coming over.
Boy, Elmo hopes you had
fun learning about
all the different kinds
of families today.
See you next time
on "Sesame Street."
Yeah! Boy, Elmo can't wait
to tell Mommy all about this.
- Ooh, yeah, it'll be fun.
- Hee hee!
♪ Come on
and move your body ♪
♪ And use your mind ♪
♪ Because you know
you are growing ♪
♪ All the time ♪
♪ You're getting smarter ♪
♪ Stronger ♪
♪ Kinder ♪
♪ On "Sesame Street" ♪
♪ Be kind at home
and when you play ♪
♪ Try some sharing
and caring every day ♪
- ♪ You're getting smarter ♪
- ♪ Smarter ♪
- ♪ Stronger ♪
- ♪ Kinder ♪
♪ On "Sesame Street" ♪
- ♪ Smarter ♪
- ♪ Hey, hey ♪
- ♪ Stronger ♪
- ♪ Kinder ♪
- ♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ On "Sesame Street" ♪
♪ Yeah! ♪